Adding OCP doc (#581)
camptocamp/devops-stack: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/howtos/quickstart_ocp_ipi_aws.adoc

= Deploying the DevOps Stack to OpenShift (IPI) on AWS
:ci-variables: aws
:terraform-provider: AWS
:terraform-provider-link: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs

IMPORTANT: The example given below is made to work on AWS, other cloud providers such as Azure will come later.

== Prerequisites

- Access to API keys allowing to create required resources in AWS,
- Meet the requirements for OCP deployment such as SSH public key and https://cloud.redhat.com[PullSecret] from Red Hat,

> - Binary https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/ocp/latest[openshift-install] in your $PATH,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/ocp/latest[openshift-install] binary is in your $PATH,
```

> - Binary https://aws.amazon.com/cli/[AWS cli] in your $PATH,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The https://aws.amazon.com/cli/[AWS cli] binary is in your $PATH,
```

- Knowledge of https://terraform.io[Terraform] basics

include::partial$terraform_instant_intro.adoc[]

```hcl
# terraform/main.tf

locals {
  install_config_path = "install-config.yaml"
  region              = "eu-west-1"
  base_domain         = "example.com"
  cluster_name        = "ocp"  
}

module "cluster" {
  source              = "git::https://github.com/camptocamp/devops-stack.git//modules/openshift4/aws?ref=v0.32.0"
  install_config_path = local.install_config_path
  base_domain         = local.base_domain
  cluster_name        = local.cluster_name
  region              = local.region
}

```

include::partial$pipeline_outputs_ocp.adoc[]

include::partial$terraform_backend.adoc[]

include::partial$ocp_ipi_instant_intro.adoc[]

include::partial$deploy_workstation.adoc[]

> == Follow deployment process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Deployment Process
```

> OpenShift is deployed using a nested terraform where a specific version is packaged within the openshift-install binary. When DevOps Stack terraform is running, we cannot follow the child process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift is deployed using the `openshift-install` binary, which embarks a nested Terraform version. When the DevOps Stack Terraform is running, we cannot follow the child process.
```

> Thus, we can track the deployment in terraform/<CLUSTER NAME>/.openshift_install.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, we can track the deployment progress in `terraform/<CLUSTER NAME>/.openshift_install.log`
```
